README.md, before:

# Weblog

this is a project for exercise Django framework

#TODO

- [x] Make article model
- [x] Fix url patterns for artcles app
- [x] Set a template for home page
- [x] Set a base template model for templates
- [x] Change panel admin language to persian
- [x] Make single article page
- [x] Show all articles in databse in articles.html page
- [x] Make Category model
- [x] Add Category to admin pandel and Articles model
- [x] Show categoreis in frontend
- [x] link categories names in to articles that category contain
- [x] Make a page for showing each category articles
- [x] Make config.py for security items and add it to .gitignore
- [x] Make parent field for Category model
- [x] Change date from Gregorian date to Jalali
- [x] Make category_loop.file file and include that in navbar_category.html file with loop
- [x] Change fonts
- [x] Change the template
- [x] Make pagination and button for chanage the pages
- [x] Make a dropdown navigation bar for category with submenu
- [x] Add category hashtag for articles
- [x] Add action to Articles and Category modles
- [x] Add thumbnail to admin panel for Articles model
- [x] Put all static files in project into a dir name static
- [x] Change panel admin fonts to a farsi fonts like Sahel
- [x] Change Admin panel header from admin.py in articles app
- [x] Make list.html to handel all articles list how have a same structure
- [ ] Make view for user articles
- [ ] Change functional view to generic class


#TODO-API
- [x] Add api app and make serializer and a ListCreateAPIView   
- [x] Add view for single article in api app
- [x] Add User model to api
- [x] Add permissions for api/user/* views in views.py

Commit message:

first 5 item in TODO-ACCOUNT

README.md, after:

# Weblog

this is a project for exercise Django framework

#TODO

- [x] Make article model
- [x] Fix url patterns for artcles app
- [x] Set a template for home page
- [x] Set a base template model for templates
- [x] Change panel admin language to persian
- [x] Make single article page
- [x] Show all articles in databse in articles.html page
- [x] Make Category model
- [x] Add Category to admin pandel and Articles model
- [x] Show categoreis in frontend
- [x] link categories names in to articles that category contain
- [x] Make a page for showing each category articles
- [x] Make config.py for security items and add it to .gitignore
- [x] Make parent field for Category model
- [x] Change date from Gregorian date to Jalali
- [x] Make category_loop.file file and include that in navbar_category.html file with loop
- [x] Change fonts
- [x] Change the template
- [x] Make pagination and button for chanage the pages
- [x] Make a dropdown navigation bar for category with submenu
- [x] Add category hashtag for articles
- [x] Add action to Articles and Category modles
- [x] Add thumbnail to admin panel for Articles model
- [x] Put all static files in project into a dir name static
- [x] Change panel admin fonts to a farsi fonts like Sahel
- [x] Change Admin panel header from admin.py in articles app
- [x] Make list.html to handel all articles list how have a same structure
- [ ] Make view for user articles
- [ ] Change functional view to generic class


#TODO-API
- [x] Add api app and make serializer and a ListCreateAPIView   
- [x] Add view for single article in api app
- [x] Add User model to api
- [x] Add permissions for api/user/* views in views.py

#TODO-ACCOUNT
- [x] Create Account app
- [x] Create a urls.py file for account app
- [x] Set a route to account.urls in myweblog urls.py
- [x] Set a route for /account/login in account urls.py
- [x] Make registration folder and login.html in this folder for handel template of /account/login route
